How can I repay you?
If you really want to repay me
You can also drive me back
I will definitely satisfy your request.
But before that
I will break your third leg
As long as you are alive
I'll take you back myself
You are really Qin Yuheng's son
How could he give birth to an idiot like you?
I don't even have the confidence
If you inquire clearly, you dare to come to trouble me
How dare you scold me
How dare you scold my father for me?
Don't come here
Isn't it pretty good?
What do you want?
I am the eldest young master
What are you doing?
Did you find it?
Who hurt Chen Qiu?
bastard
What's the use of me raising you?
Can't find anyone
he
He spent the afternoon with Jiang Feiyue, the chairperson of Zombie Pharmaceutical
Have eaten together, Jiang Feiyue